hi guys doing uh this kind of have it's
not the worst best night but uh I
actually gonna I'm actually uh look for
advice on this one I don't know I've had
media slings died so nice a really a few
got stuck them all fix those but I came
home for after seen show and uh look
that sucks for anybody cares about
trenchless book ones dead there twos
dead three four five six completely dead
they're dead
yeah they're hit their history I don't
know other ones are fine you know
they're moving around
I just don't her so I know maybe it's
just coincidence I don't know I mean it
could maybe editor cafe two degrees
eighty percent humidity and a sterile
room sterile container everything
sterile it's perfect never had any
problems and any other teams there's no
mold in any one of these tanks there's
no anything like that
I thank you think it was not enough
ventilation but I don't think I look
that's just it's completely off I'm
gonna take this one off now there it's
more belly to hit a little dealt with
plus it's got holes all way through it
so I don't see that being the issue
either I guess maybe this I start and
they're completely malted running around
fine then boom dead it's like this boom
I don't know I just saved you anybody
else uh first time brendi so I'm not
gonna be bring him again oh no I mean
they're cool but I'm probably gonna move
on so I just don't like to speak I like
species but not that much not nothing if
they're of hagit or totally I really
don't have a you so I think there's
twenty three left I had forty and we've
got some in malts that's that's
understandable the nieces died so well
this kind of sucks you know I'm at least
we got some that are good but like some
here he isn't MultiJet he's alright
but I mean look at I mean our guy
uh how do you see I mean there's nothing
nice to understand why he just died and
then her fangs didn't even harden all
the way yeah their fangs never even
hardened all the way I don't know it's
seated I'll spread these they've got
seen the high mortality rate in his
species I don't know huh
that's you pleased by it but all right
guys